that is such a cool question. And the truth is, nobody really knows. Um,
I think that the definition that I like best is the decision of whether
something is normal or abnormal totally depends on the context.
So it's kind of like the definition of a we'd like What's a weed?
Well, a weed is a plant that's growing where you don't want it to grow,
so it doesn't matter. The plant itself is immaterial. It's the
context of the plant and so arose. Growing in a cornfield is a weed,
and I think the same kind of applies to, you know, just general generalities
about normal and abnormal things that are abnormal or things
that are not appropriate in a given context. And that context may
be very, very specific. So it's really hard to just say generally like
This is abnormal. There aren't many things, if anything at all,
that falls like into that heading